Change qpu complex wording (#1109)
Qiskit/qiskit-ibm-runtime: docs/faqs/max_execution_time.rst

- Programs cannot exceed 750KB in size.
- Inputs to jobs cannot exceed 64MB in size.

> - Open plan users can use up to 10 minutes of job execution time per month (reset on the first day of the month, UTC).  Job execution time is the amount of time that the system is dedicated to processing your job. You can track your monthly usage on the `Platform dashboard, <https://quantum-computing.ibm.com/>`__ `Jobs, <https://quantum-computing.ibm.com/jobs>`__ and `Account, <https://quantum-computing.ibm.com/account>`__ pages.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Open plan users can use up to 10 minutes of job execution time per month (reset on the first day of the month, UTC).  Job execution time is the amount of time that the system is dedicated to processing your job. You can track your monthly usage on the `Platform dashboard, <https://quantum-computing.ibm.com/>`__ `Jobs, <https://quantum-computing.ibm.com/jobs>`__ and `Account <https://quantum-computing.ibm.com/account>`__ pages.
```

- Programs cannot exceed 750KB in size.
- Inputs to jobs cannot exceed 64MB in size.

> - Open plan users get 10 minutes of job execution time per month (reset on the first day of the month).  Job execution time is the amount of time that the system is dedicated to processing your job. You can track your monthly usage on the `Platform dashboard, <https://quantum-computing.ibm.com/>`__ `Jobs, <https://quantum-computing.ibm.com/jobs>`__ and `Account, <https://quantum-computing.ibm.com/account>`__ pages.

Reviewer 2: This should have wording that indicates the 10min is a max, e.g "users get at most 10 minutes" or the like.

Author: Yeah; we're supposed to document it without using the word "limit", but maybe "up to" or "at most" will be OK

Reviewer 2: Yes please "up to".  It is important that the 10min be qualified.

Author: Done

> - Open plan users get 10 minutes of job execution time per month (reset on the first day of the month).  Job execution time is the amount of time that the system is dedicated to processing your job. You can track progress toward the limit on the `Platform dashboard, <https://quantum-computing.ibm.com/>`__ `Jobs, <https://quantum-computing.ibm.com/jobs>`__ and `Account, <https://quantum-computing.ibm.com/account>`__ pages.

Author: ```suggestion
- Open plan users get 10 minutes of job execution time per month (reset on the first day of the month).  Job execution time is the amount of time that the system is dedicated to processing your job. You can track your monthly usage on the `Platform dashboard, <https://quantum-computing.ibm.com/>`__ `Jobs, <https://quantum-computing.ibm.com/jobs>`__ and `Account, <https://quantum-computing.ibm.com/account>`__ pages.
```
